# Applied Data Science in Medicine & Psychology - Assignment XX **TODO**
This is a template repository for Applied Data Science in Medicine & Psychology - Assignment XX **TODO**. All the assignment instruction are in the Jupyter (.ipynb) notebook. To start, open (click) the ``ads_assignment_XX.ipynb`` **TODO** notebook. Afterwards, click on the blue "Open in Colab" button at the top. A new tab or window should open in your browser, displaying the assignment notebook in Goolge Colaboratory. Make sure that you followed all instruction about the general setup of Github and Google Colaboratory (summary below in **setup and submission**) in Assignment 1 and accepted the assignment in advance using this [link]()**TODO**. 

# Setup and submission
In order to be able to submit your assignment in the course Github classroom you will need to save an editable copy of your notebook. Click in Google Colaboratory ``File > Save a copy in Drive`` and then save your copy as ``ads_assignment_XX.ipynb`` **TODO** (i.e., remove the "Copy of" text that gets automatically appended to the beginning of the filename). 

Furthermore, ensure that Goolge Colaboratory has access to your private repositories on GitHub. (By default, your assignment repositories will be accessible only to you and the course instructor.) To give Colaboratory access to your private repositories:
* Navigate to [http://colab.research.google.com/github](http://colab.research.google.com/github)
* Make sure the "Include Private Repositories" checkbox is checked
* In the popup window, sign into your GitHub account and authorize Google Colaboratory to read private files

You should do your work on the assignment in the *copied* notebook (i.e., the copied notebook that your saved in your Google Drive before and therefore have the ability to save and edit). Submitting the assignment entails syncing your copy of the notebook with your GitHub repository which was created when you accepted the assignment (in this case, ``Applied Data Science in Medicine & Psychology/ads_assignment_XX-<username>`` **TODO**, with ``<username>`` replaced with your GitHub username). From within Colaboratory, open your notebook and click ``File > Save a copy in GitHub``. Select ``Applied Data Science in Medicine & Psychology/ads_assignment_XX-<username>`` **TODO** from the Repository drop-down menu, and type ``ads_assignment_XX.ipynb`` **TODO** into the File path text box. Optionally, you may also enter a description into the "Commit message" text box (or you can just leave the default message). Make sure that the "Include a link to Colaboratory" box is checked, and press "OK". A new tab or window should open up, displaying your submitted notebook from within your GitHub repository.
